Doc: split "advanced topics" page (#7365)
ocaml/dune: doc/advanced/variables-artifacts.rst

.. _variables-for-artifacts:

Variables for Artifacts
-----------------------

For specific situations where one needs to refer to individual compilation
artifacts, special variables (see :doc:`../concepts/variables`) are provided,
so the user doesn't need to be aware of the particular naming conventions or
directory layout implemented by Dune.

These variables can appear wherever a :doc:`../concepts/dependency-spec` is
expected and also inside :doc:`../concepts/actions`. When used inside
:doc:`../concepts/actions`, they implicitly declare a dependency on the
corresponding artifact.

The variables have the form ``%{<ext>:<path>}``, where ``<path>`` is
interpreted relative to the current directory:

- ``cmo:<path>``, ``cmx:<path>``, and ``cmi:<path>`` expand to the corresponding
  artifact's path for the module specified by ``<path>``. The basename of

>   ``<path>`` should be the name of a module as specified in a ``(modules)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``<path>`` should be the module's name as specified in a ``(modules)``
```
